hey we're coming to you from full global
headquarters in Alexandria Virginia
thanks for watching I'm Chris Hill here
with Motley Fool co-founder and the
chief rule-breaker David Gardner thanks
for being here good to be with you Chris
good to be with everybody thanks for
coming if you're already a member of
David's rule breakers service you know
the man quite well if not you can go to
fool.com slash RB and join David's
service looking for great growth stocks
out there we're gonna get to some of the
questions that are coming in already let
me start with where we are right now for
the second time in a week we had a
circuit breaker triggered because the
market fell so much so quickly we are
officially in bear market territory it's
been a great ride for 11 years and even
though we're long-term investors a week
like this really doesn't feel good at
all yeah this is almost a this is
one-of-a-kind Chris the fastest market
drop that we've seen that I've seen I'm
53 I think you're 53 yes how about that
so I mean this this is something that
we've never seen before I will also say
we've seen this before we've seen market
drops many times over the years and in
future we're gonna see many more and so
I hope it's very evident to everybody
who's tuning in today that from day one
when we started the Motley Fool 27 years
ago we said three things number one the
stock market is the best place to be for
your long-term money number two the
market tends to rise on average nine to
ten percent a year that includes every
bad week quarter month year bear market
number two that those numbers include
all those market drops and number three
make sure that you are invested in a way
that you can sleep at night that makes
sense for you we're all different so
some of us don't even own a stock some
is own a few dozen stocks some of us own
a hundred stocks so let's just own funds
or just for the first time thinking
about investing in the midst of this
crazy week we've got a chart I want to
throw up
if our producer Dan can put that up I
mean you talk about long term investing
just over the last 50 years we've seen
the rise in the market with some
tremendous drops you and I vividly
remember 2008-2009
the draft we saw there and of course the
the.com explosion in the early 2000s
very painful times but to your point if
you're able to stay in if you're able to
think in terms of decades and not months
then the rewards are there for you yeah
and I really believe that our biggest
mistake is to react to what we're seeing
immediately in fact even as the market
here closes today in the next half hour
with most of the indices down around 9%
right now that's all already gonna be in
your rearview mirror at about 4:30 p.m.
Eastern today so I really don't think
you should be reacting to what's already
happened I think you should ask about
what's happening going forward and you
know I don't mean tomorrow or next week
or 2020 I'm really looking at a minimum
of 3 plus years forward and I'm
suggesting that you're gonna be pretty
well rewarded if you are buying here in
the first or second quarter of 2020 not
immediately maybe but let's look back 5
or 10 years from now and see see how
well you're rewarded for looking at some
of the great companies of all time which
happened to be during our time that you
and I can become part owners of right
now I know you've got a couple of stocks
you want to share but first in terms of
broad strategy because everyone's gonna
look at different stocks one of the
things you had talked about recently on
your podcast is has to do with
allocation can you share a little bit
more about for people who are looking to
be opportunistic to buy into a market
that's falling dramatically for the
first time in a very long time how they
should be thinking about allocation sure
well in general I think I'm gonna in
this case speak to people who have
investment portfolios so if you're just
getting started this is not going to be
as relevant for but for a lot of us were
invested and we've been invested for
years and years so I'm a big fan of
saving money every two weeks and
continuing to put it into your stock
market portfolio and so that means
riding right through this month this
week this quarter I'm gonna keep doing
the same thing that I was doing the
quarter before that and the three years
before that saving money and I'm gonna
put it right into the stock market some
of the best companies I can find we'll
talk about a couple examples in a little
while but in terms
of allocation if you don't already have
at least I'd say 20 stocks or 20
different funds and stocks I would tend
to put new money into new things not
existing things on the other hand if you
already have a very full portfolio I
would be asking myself forget what my
allocations are in these companies
looking forward over the next 10 years
where do I want to have that my new
money now and that might lead you to
some of your favorite existing stocks
you already have or it might lead you
into some of the newer ones we're
starting to nibble at and you start to
fill out those positions so again
there's not a one-size-fits-all answer
to this Chris other than I think each of
us should be tending to add to things
that are winning not looking at really
depressed beaten down industries or
companies or really high dividend yields
and throwing our money toward that or
crazy penny stocks that are claiming
coronavirus cures I would be of course
avoiding all of that I would be looking
at strong companies that are gonna win
over the next ten years but you just
touched on something that we're hearing
a lot of particularly over the last
couple of weeks as the market has fallen
and that is the notion of doubling down
well I bought this stock I really like
this business it's been cut in half and
now it's like a two-for-one sale right I
get the sense you're not a big fan of
doubling down well I'm not but in
general you know usually our best
investments are gonna have larger
allocations right if we've allowed a
great company like Amazon to grow in our
portfolio we're going to have a large
allocation so of course you have we all
have different numbers but you have to
think about I would say you shouldn't be
over allocated into any new position by
more than 5% of your portfolio for
example so let's pretend that you bought
your 20th stock and it was 5% because
you divided all your money into 20
slices you just bought your 20 stock
three weeks ago and all of a sudden
that's been cut in half well from my
standpoint it's fine to add to that
probably the company's earnings report
has another change this is the market
perception of the whole market and so
you could add back to that position
Chris and refill that back to 5% but
outside of crazy times like this week
the last couple of weeks generally you
should be adding to your winners not to
your losers winners win let's get to the
stocks
that you've got for folks who are
looking to build their watchlist looking
to do a little shopping out there if you
will and then we'll start getting to
some of the questions that are coming in
um what do you got sure I'll just give
two examples one of them is sort of an
opportunistic company that fewer people
know about and one of them is a is a big
successful brand that I I highly prized
so the first one is Zynga and Zynga is a
mobile games company and in fact if
you're a Motley Fool stock advisor
member then you received our message a
few weeks ago that this is the best buy
now we like this company a lot the
company is well funded enough that it
can buy big brands like Game of Thrones
or Harry Potter and it creates the
mobile digital games usually free to
play with monetization right there
for some of the best known brands today
Zynga is about a six and a half billion
dollar company depending on how the
market cap is shake it out any give an
hour right now it's a successful company
it's well positioned in a world where
increasingly people at least this year
probably are looking toward at home
entertainment things things that can be
delivered over-the-air you don't have to
go to a store to purchase Zynga's
upcoming Harry Potter game and so I I
like videogame businesses anyway but I
particularly like them in this
environment and this is not a big
dominant player this is a smaller player
but within the mobile game store and
space this is a real leader so I like
Zynga you'll notice the stock hasn't
gotten crippled in the way that many
other stocks have in the last 10-15 days
and I think that kind of reminds us that
this is a more resilient business but I
also like it because it's a small cap
company so it has a little bit of zing
maybe in it let's see in the years going
forward well and as you just indicated
worth remembering that as painful as
this is and the last few weeks really
have been painful it comes at the end of
an historic bull market run sure sure
and and you know it is one year and
three in market history the market has
dropped that's just the game that we're
all playing all the time so I hope I
hope I haven't gotten spoiled I hope I
know you haven't gotten spoiled pie was
good I hope you haven't gotten spoiled
to thinking
that of course the market goes up every
year because it doesn't two years and
three it does go up and we've had a lot
of those years looks like this might be
one of the years that it's down and it's
very disconcerting to see how fast it's
going down but as I've often said in the
past and I'll say it again right here
stocks always go down faster than they
go up but they always go up more than
they go down and so I want to make sure
everybody can hold both those thoughts
in their mind because that's not just
true of this week although surely it is
true this week that's just true of the
game that we're all playing a beautiful
game where we all win together by
finding great companies holding them
over the course of years and prospering
together finding the best companies so
stocks always go down faster than they
go up and boy can I see that today once
again but they always go up more than
they go down take a look at the graph of
the stock market the last century it
goes like that if you zoom in on any 2
or 3 year period it might have gone like
that and 1 you're in 3 dropped but I
predict over the next century the stock
market goes like that again so we happen
to be zooming in right now to a 25% drop
in the matter of a couple of weeks
remarkable
one more stock before we get to the
questions that are coming in and I'll
just preview it by saying we're covered
we're gonna be covering a lot of areas
in the market when we get to the
question all right well let's get to as
many of those as we can as fast as we
can so I'll be quick my second stock is
Netflix I think the Netflix is not only
one of the great companies of our time
with visionary leadership worldwide
footprint and they're out front of
everybody else Reed Hastings taking them
out of DVDs in the streaming before
anybody understood streaming and then
took streaming globally before anybody
could even scale that way and while
there are a lot of other me to players
things like Amazon Prime which I like
and Disney Plus which I like and HBO
which I like it's not just about one
winner this is an entire field that is
ripe for prosperity Netflix is the
leader and again we're maybe living in a
short-term era anyway we're at home
entertainment makes a lot of sense to me
so I'm a big Netflix sense my biggest
personal holding it's been hard to watch
it drop ten percent or more multiple
days and last few weeks so I'm certainly
poor a poor fool than I was three weeks
ago but I'm looking ahead not backward
and I'm asking where do you really want
to
your bets pretty sure Netflix is gonna
be a global leader for a good time to
come well real quick related to that
you're absolutely right in the short
term home entertainment is going to be
more important and for sports fans
they're going to be fewer options with
the cancellation of the college
basketball tournament the NBA the NHL
Major League Baseball are businesses
that have intellectual property maybe
where we should be looking as well
because it seems to me that while
Netflix is certainly going to benefit
from the rise in at-home entertainment
over the next couple of months it seems
as likely that businesses that have
intellectual property and that's where
maybe a company Disney Plus comes in
they're probably in pretty good shape
too yeah I mean I like them a lot I mean
I as a big sports fan I know I'm not the
only one in this room it hurts a lot to
see all of the sports basically cancel
themselves yesterday I was enjoying you
on market foolery with Bill Mann you
guys were talking about how mobile
betting now maybe makes more sense to
the world or to local jurisdictions that
can get tax money if you're able to bet
on your phone instead of open-air
betting or whatever people do in Vegas
but if there are no sports to bet on
which is actually what we're staring at
now in the short term that hurts those
industries so clearly the strongest
businesses are the ones that are digital
the ones that control their relationship
with the consumer they're not going
through a middleman and where they
create content that can be used anywhere
so Zynga is an example Netflix is an
example there are a lot of other
examples but before we get to all the
questions Chris I want to end by saying
that this is all a very short-term
phenomenon by the way video games and
streaming entertainment was great before
coronavirus it probably can live much
better than most things through
coronavirus but let's not overreact to
the short term a lot of this horrible
heartbreaking global story a pandemic
now official is going to take place over
a matter of months it's not gonna be
over years so try to think forward be
positive by social distancing Chris you
and I six feet apart right you look good
to me
do I look it to you from that distance
yes okay good so let's all let's all
stay healthy reduce as much as possible
interactions with as many people as
possible for just a few weeks where such
social
creatures it's hard to do but boy being
a little paranoid on the front end is
gonna help all kinds of people on the
back end so so I'm I want to make sure
we're keeping everything in perspective
here and I also don't want to suggest
that the only stocks you should be
looking at are ones like zoom video that
thrive in this environment this
environment I think is it's pretty
temporary let's get to the questions
that are coming in from the viewers
we'll start with a question about
Shopify komarin asking about Shopify at
$562 should I average down now or wait
I'll just add parenthetically it is down
about 10% today trading for about $380
so this this gets to a question that we
see a lot lately which is I bought this
company I like this company it's now
trading for significantly lower should I
buy more shares so I'm gonna give a very
standard answer that speaks to a lot of
other stocks to it it's Shopify but I
might start repeating myself if you keep
asking me about individual stocks so
it's a great question though in Cameron
thank you very much and here's my answer
you liked it a few weeks ago it was at
550 it was at 550 a month ago it's now
at 380 very little has changed for
Shopify's business in the sense that
fundamentally the business works it's a
beautiful business it's threatened of
course as everything is especially if
there are commercial shutdowns and all
kinds of crazy stuff happening over the
course of a couple of months but I like
Shopify a lot it's been a winner
so my suggestion for anybody who has
money coming in every two weeks or is
sitting on cash that they were holding
back is to mechanically put it into play
in a way that you're not trying to buy
be a hero by putting it all in at once
like tomorrow morning but how about just
divide up any lump sum or money you have
coming in and every two weeks invest a
fraction of it and just keep going
through March April May I hope you're
already doing that through December
January February so it's all about
sticking to the plan The Motley Fool has
provided I hope our worldwide membership
with some of the best ideas you could
have for the stock market but it's up to
each of us to actually have a plan
act on it and most successful members
and we have a ton of them globally
thanks to the wonderful company that
we've helped create together Chris with
so many other fools and members most of
the people who succeed are simply
sticking by a mechanical plan of saving
and investing and not trying to be a
hero or guessing market movements so
Shopify 550 381 month later
you're probably going to be pretty happy
5 to 10 years from now if you're buying
Shopify now but it could go down to 200
tomorrow morning Christine is asking
about airline stocks and hotel stocks
I'll just broaden Christine's question
because travel is impacted around the
world and I'm curious is there any part
of travel whether it's airlines hotels a
middleman like booking Holdings that you
think is challenged one more than the
other or looks more attractive one more
than the other yeah so I think that
travel is obviously such a huge word I
mean there are multiple industries
packed underneath that rubric so for me
I think getting away from that looking
at balance sheets of companies I mean
the best understanding of who's going to
survive to thrive and who may not
survive is who has cash on their balance
sheet who has debt on their balance
sheet who has way too much of one versus
the other
so that's what I'd be looking at of
course the big reason that the airline
stocks got really hammered today Chris I
mean I'm just looking here and you know
a lot of them down 15 to 25 percent some
of my picks unfortunately companies like
Hawaii Hawaiian air didn't do so well
today Alaska air JetBlue and then the
big players American United is that they
have a ton of debt most most of these
are very heavy businesses to run they're
probably going to need some form of aid
slash bailout they were doing pretty
well up until this Black Swan event
occurred but you can see within this
context those are very threatened
because of their balance sheets so you
know a company like booking has is a
very strong balance sheet so this is a
company this is one of our long-term
holdings this is a stock I certainly
favor I own it myself
so it's because it has the
resilience it can evolve through a tough
environment because of its cash you look
at booking holding yeah it is one of
those you were talking about Shopify
booking Holdings is basically down about
3540 percent from its high it's still
the same business obviously they're
gonna see some lower activity but um and
and this has happened before by the way
well while coronavirus is truly I hope
kind of a one-of-a-kind event for most
of us over these these decades do you
remember when the volcanoes blew up over
Iceland and they coated all of Europe
and all of a sudden people wouldn't fly
for a month or two and this is five or
six years ago I'm spacing the exact date
but that really hurt booking right it
dropped yeah I think it got cut in half
over the course of about a year or so
right so these things kind of recur but
then zoom back out and look at the
long-term performance the only term I
care about and look at these companies
and see how well they do despite the
gaffes and drops that they've had we
talked about Netflix earlier Qwikster
self-imposed gunshot wound in 2011
Netflix went from 75 to 25 that's a far
worse drop than we've seen in these few
weeks and and yet Netflix that went on
to rise and become the great stock of
the last ten years
Lucas asking should I buy shares of
Disney right now it seems like parks
will be closing down pretty soon when do
you think it's time to buy in I'll just
add that one of the things Disney has
done a good job of and we've started to
see this out of other companies as well
is the communication from management the
guidance that they update for investors
they're being as transparent as any
company out there related to this virus
yeah I mean of course I love Disney I
think I'm fine with you buying Disney
right now just realize that anything
that you buy right now I mean we happen
to be date stamping this right this is a
March 12th 10 minutes before the market
closes right one point in time YouTube
live event who knows where the stock
market will be in one to four weeks it's
very hard to know could be dramatically
up part of me not only hopes that of
course but thinks there's a chance
because I think we're seeing all of the
negativity all of the cancellations and
closings it's casting a pall over
everything the economy
included that's going to hurt but I
think we're forgetting about some
potential sources of good news or
surprisingly good developments so as a
fool who likes to challenge conventional
wisdom as I try to read the tea leaves
or take the pulse of the room I feel
like there's a huge amount of negativity
right now and so I allow myself the
possibility that we might have quite a
snap back in the next couple of months
who knows but we really don't know and
that's why we shouldn't be head faking
ourselves or guessing with our money we
should follow a regular plan save every
two weeks
take lump sums divide the diffractions
and my gosh Disney is a great company of
course it's it's it's tough to think
about all those open air parks that are
not gonna have as many people in them
but then you also think about Disney
Plus and did you make it through the
mandalorian Chris as quickly as possible
yeah all right would you like to see it
again
I'm waiting on season two all right
there we go now that won't come probably
during this period of a few months but
there are a lot there's a lot of
streaming content as he has video games
entertainment television all of these
things are are great tools in in the
gigantic Disney toolbox so some of them
are weaker some of them are stronger but
of course we're not buying for this
quarter I hope we're right we're buying
for next ten years that's what I'm doing
so yeah
Disney great a question from Ken about
software-as-a-service
he asks should we add to our sass
Holdings they're getting extremely
they're getting hit extremely hard today
software is a service I think most
people here at the Motley Fool are
believers in software as a service as a
general principle that said there are
certainly some stocks out there it's not
surprising to me that they're getting
hit because everything's getting hit but
also some of them were trading at really
high multiples yeah sure and you know I
I've never had a problem with companies
to trade it really high multiples in
fact those have often ironically been my
best picks Amazon was traded really high
multiple when I first picked it or
Salesforce didn't look cheap when we
first added it to rule breakers more
than ten years ago so we've seen some
amazing companies come along with high
premium valuations that then went on to
become the best stocks they looked like
the most overvalued and they ended up
being the best stocks so anybody who
knows the rule breaker approach with
to my podcast rule breaker investing
where I tried to speak to the market
this week by the way in the in my
thoughts in the world intend to have
chapters so if anybody wants to hear
more than just our YouTube live event
today I'm talking to you about that but
you know these companies usually never
really do look cheap so even though a
lot of them are down to SAS companies
they're still trading at big multiples
but that's because they deserve it not
every stock should be trading it the
same multiple companies businesses that
are really light high margin businesses
that proliferate and have social media
or viral components to them deserve and
excellent economics and high relevance
deserve the valuations that they get so
I'm never somebody who looks at one
group and says those are overvalued and
these are undervalued I tend to just
think the valuations are generally
pretty good on the market but the
problem the market has it's always so
short-term so the reason we win as
investors is because we look past the
six months which is about how far I
think the stock market ever looks about
six months ahead
mark asking is it a good time to buy
some small cap growth stocks or are they
too susceptible to going out of business
I like that question because it points
to something you touched on earlier when
you were talking about the strengths of
different companies balance sheets a lot
of time with small cap growth stocks
we're looking we want them as investors
to be investing that money we don't want
them to be profitable right out of the
gate times like these though it can be a
little bit tougher to manage that
yeah I mean small cap by the way has
lots of different meanings to different
people for me I'll just say that small
cap means something like let's cook
let's call it and this is arbitrary you
can see I'm making this up let's say
three to ten billion dollars of market
cap now if that sounds big to you then
then then you're you're in micro caps in
my mind some people might think that
small cap extends above ten billion I
don't know but I'm just kind of giving
you my numbers so within that group
there are companies that can run
themselves really effectively through
commercial shutdown environment and
we've talked about a number of them in
our half hour together and then there
are others that don't you know I think
restaurants are are very stressed so you
might have a small cap growth restaurant
I would probably avoid that I tend not
to think in terms of
sectors or capitalizations I also never
say things like growth stock or value
stock I kind of reject those terms which
we can talk about some other time but
but I think you should be asking
yourself what are the businesses the
beauty of them is that they're upstarts
so they have a lot of growth but what
capability do they have to evolve and
survive in a very hard shutdown
commercial environment over a temporary
period of time and and so that's the
question I'd be asking and some small
caps are gonna look good in that and
others won't john asking it seems like
most of the recommended stocks are near
their 52 week low I saw 3 weeks later
yeah I saw a stat on Twitter today of
the sp500 somewhere in the neighborhood
of 350 stocks in the S&P 500 are hitting
at 52 it was that before market closed
today was that just the morning that was
the morning so that numbers probably
higher now
so to John's question a lot of stocks
near their 52 week low is that then a
signal to buy or should I not be greedy
thinking they might go lower it's really
tough to time the bottom yeah I feel as
if it's kind of in just the same
question over again it's it's it's
somebody hoping to to guess whether
now's the time to jump in and and and
I'm gonna say it emphatically again here
I don't think that's the right question
that's not the right framework or
mentality that you should have because I
don't know I I had no idea this was
gonna happen three weeks ago so and I
don't know what its gonna be like three
weeks from now let's not play the
guessing game over weeks let's play the
only game that we know we can win and we
surely have will and will continue so
and that's the long-term game so I have
no idea whether it's it's a good time to
jump in tomorrow morning or not I won't
be I'm just doing my normal program that
I've been talking about save money every
two weeks add it to your investments try
to save ten percent of your salary if
you can by the way ten percent or more
and then put that every two weeks toward
your next great investment adding to an
existing position you love that I hope
is a winner or opening up a new position
might be a stock might be a fund so
there is really no way I wouldn't want
you to score me for my short-term
predictions and I don't make them so
that you can't score me because I don't
want to mislead people into stew
decision-making whipsawing around what
happens in a given day or week I was
just gonna ask you for your six month
price charge I'm not gonna do that
at least you're asking you six months I
nee I feel like some of our mentality is
six days but you know that's also
understandable because the degree to
which in a exponential growth
environment headlines are changing is
really remarkable like just to be
watching the North Carolina basketball
team get eliminated the ACC tournament
yesterday while the NBA cancels or
announced the suspension of its season
and then twelve hours later the ACC
tournament has cancelled itself these
headlines are firing so fast that this
is what exponential looks and feels like
and it's very anxiety and create
creating or for a lot of people but I I
try to steel myself against it and just
stick with the plan and and again I
talked a lot more about that in my
podcast this week if anybody needs a
little bit of a picker-upper well
speaking of picker-uppers a very
interesting question from Lauren who
asked can you talk about the importance
of everyday optimism in your investing
approach yeah I'd be happy to so I've
always loved the Henry Ford line whether
you think you can or whether you think
you cannot you're right I think the
world is full of the achievers or the
believers and a lot of them are
entrepreneurs people who create jobs
people who create value for others they
were the ones who believed so optimism
is not an emotion or a state of mind I
believe it's a creative force and so
truly if you think you can you stand a
much better chance of doing so and if
you think you cannot it's the opposite I
also think it's the only right way to
approach life I realize there are
pessimists out there and my pessimist
friends add value to the world because
there's a yin to somebody's young but if
you really want to talk about a life
that thrives over the only term that
counts over the long term I think you're
a believer I think you're looking to do
good in the world and I think you are
doing good in the world and you're
surrounding yourself I hope as much as
possible by other people who recognize
that and do that I'll close my
shaggy-dog answer by saying thank you
for that question you know I love where
I work because of the motley fool I am
surrounded by about 400 people on a
daily basis most of whom are highly
engaged and love our work too
the world's smarter happier and richer
never one without the other two so I
have felt for 27 years the positive
energy that comes from people who are
not just dreamers but doers if you're
enjoying the video as always please give
us a thumbs up it helps other people
find the video and we like doing these
videos and again go to fool.com /rb
you can get details on some of David
Gardner's newest investing ideas last
question before we wrap up David Gina
asks I'm new to investing I wanted to
start but is now the time to start at
this low market point
Gina's question and we've seen others
like it really speak to emotion and how
emotion really hasn't been a problem for
the past decade if anything it's been
working in favor of getting people
excited about the market but it's it's
always tougher when as you said the
headlines are what they are the
pessimists are emboldened because at
least for a short amount of time they're
right I mean you and I have joked with
others here at the Motley Fool it seems
like every year for the past decade
while the market was steadily going up
every week you could turn on financial
television and find some perma bear out
there saying well it's about to end the
easy money's been made so to Gina's
point it's a little bit tougher at this
point in time
yeah I'm Gina I think you should get
started and here's how here's how I
think you should get started I think
whatever you have let's just say you've
got $300 I think you should take
one-third of it and invest it tomorrow
morning that means you still have two
thirds sitting back there right but
you're in the game I think the biggest
mistake most people make is they wait
wait wait they they wonder is now the
time the market drops it makes them
scared so they don't buy then the market
snaps back goes up they feel like they
missed it
so we have done a great job on behalf of
our worldwide membership at promoting
this concept of buying in thirds so toe
dip take one-third of your $300 $100 and
put it in the market right away and then
make a plan for the other $200 maybe a
month from now add the next hundred
month after that add the next hundred so
you're not playing the guessing game of
Russian roulette against the stock
market that's
dropping or rising five to nine percent
every day for multiple days you're not
playing that game but you're getting
started and you're gonna be able to tell
your kids and your grandkids that your
first stock investment was made right
into the face of the coronavirus after
the market already dropped twenty five
percent one of my favorite fools of all
time Jeff Fisher I know many of you know
him love him Motley Fool Pro you know
work 16 23 capital Jeff first came to
the Motley Fool as a paying member way
back in our AOL days and Jeff when I
first met him he said you know I got
started
investing as a kid in college I opened
up my account the day after the 1987
stock market crash in October and I
still remember that about Jeff about
thirty years later so people are gonna
remember that about Eugene and when you
tell them that you put in a portion you
toe dipped in the face of one of the
ugliest fastest drops in stock market
history alright David Gardner thanks so
much for being here I really appreciated
that thanks everyone for watching again
and go to fool.com /rb to join David and
his growth stock investing service
rule-breakers I'm Chris Hill thanks for
watching we'll see you next time
do you do it for money or do you do it
for love I know a cheapskate always has
a headache trying to get something for
free
none more wiser is the miser always
lives in misery I'm cashing in on triple
coupons soup kitchens calling this say
in the soup song I sing for my supper
get my groove on I still know how to
have fun
I need checks I need balances life's a
mess with financial challenges checks
and balances when things get tough
Oh
[Music]